Addi dreams of flying.	Addi
Addi felt bad after the conversation.	Addi
Adda dreams of flying.	Adda
Adda felt bad after the conversation.	Adda
Aggi dreams of flying.	Aggi
Aggi felt bad after the conversation.	Aggi
Agga dreams of flying.	Agga
Agga felt bad after the conversation.	Agga
Alli dreams of flying.	Alli
Alli felt bad after the conversation.	Alli
Alla dreams of flying.	Alla
Alla felt bad after the conversation.	Alla
Ási dreams of flying.	Ási
Ási felt bad after the conversation.	Ási
Ása dreams of flying.	Ása
Ása felt bad after the conversation.	Ása
Beggi dreams of flying.	Beggi
Beggi felt bad after the conversation.	Beggi
Begga dreams of flying.	Begga
Begga felt bad after the conversation.	Begga
Berti dreams of flying.	Berti
Berti felt bad after the conversation.	Berti
Berta dreams of flying.	Berta
Berta felt bad after the conversation.	Berta
Binni dreams of flying.	Binni
Binni felt bad after the conversation.	Binni
Binna dreams of flying.	Binna
Binna felt bad after the conversation.	Binna
Bjarmi dreams of flying.	Bjarmi
Bjarmi felt bad after the conversation.	Bjarmi
Bjarma dreams of flying.	Bjarma
Bjarma felt bad after the conversation.	Bjarma
Boggi dreams of flying.	Boggi
Boggi felt bad after the conversation.	Boggi
Bogga dreams of flying.	Bogga
Bogga felt bad after the conversation.	Bogga
Diddi dreams of flying.	Diddi
Diddi felt bad after the conversation.	Diddi
Didda dreams of flying.	Didda
Didda felt bad after the conversation.	Didda
Donni dreams of flying.	Donni
Donni felt bad after the conversation.	Donni
Donna dreams of flying.	Donna
Donna felt bad after the conversation.	Donna
Dóri dreams of flying.	Dóri
Dóri felt bad after the conversation.	Dóri
Dóra dreams of flying.	Dóra
Dóra felt bad after the conversation.	Dóra
Dúi dreams of flying.	Dúi
Dúi felt bad after the conversation.	Dúi
Dúa dreams of flying.	Dúa
Dúa felt bad after the conversation.	Dúa
Ebbi dreams of flying.	Ebbi
Ebbi felt bad after the conversation.	Ebbi
Óla misses Tobba.	Óla, Tobbi
Tobba misses Óla.	Tobba, Óli
Óla cares for Tobba.	Óla, Tobba
Tobba cares for Óla.	Tobba, Óla
James dreams of flying.	James
James felt bad after the conversation.	James
Mary dreams of flying.	Mary
Mary felt bad after the conversation.	Mary
Michael dreams of flying.	Michael
Michael dreams of flying.	Michael
Michael felt bad after the conversation.	Michael
Patricia dreams of flying.	Patricia
Patricia felt bad after the conversation.	Patricia
Robert dreams of flying.	Robert
Robert felt bad after the conversation.	Robert
Jennifer dreams of flying.	Jennifer
Jennifer felt bad after the conversation.	Jennifer
John dreams of flying.	John
John felt bad after the conversation.	John
Linda dreams of flying.	Linda
Linda felt bad after the conversation.	Linda
David dreams of flying.	David
David felt bad after the conversation.	David
Elizabeth dreams of flying.	Elizabeth
Elizabeth felt bad after the conversation.	Elizabeth
William dreams of flying.	William
William felt bad after the conversation.	William
Barbara dreams of flying.	Barbara
Barbara felt bad after the conversation.	Barbara
Richard dreams of flying.	Richard
Richard felt bad after the conversation.	Richard
Susan dreams of flying.	Susan
Susan felt bad after the conversation.	Susan
Joseph dreams of flying.	Joseph
Joseph felt bad after the conversation.	Joseph
Jessica dreams of flying.	Jessica
Jessica felt bad after the conversation.	Jessica
Thomas dreams of flying.	Thomas
Thomas felt bad after the conversation.	Thomas
Karen dreams of flying.	Karen
Karen felt bad after the conversation.	Karen
Christopher dreams of flying.	Christopher
Christopher felt bad after the conversation.	Christopher
Sarah dreams of flying.	Sarah
Sarah felt bad after the conversation.	Sarah
Charles dreams of flying.	Charles
Charles felt bad after the conversation.	Charles
Lisa dreams of flying.	Lisa
Lisa felt bad after the conversation.	Lisa
Daniel dreams of flying.	Daniel
Daniel felt bad after the conversation.	Daniel
Nancy dreams of flying.	Nancy
Nancy felt bad after the conversation.	Nancy
Matthew dreams of flying.	Matthew
Matthew felt bad after the conversation.	Matthew
Sandra dreams of flying.	Sandra
Sandra felt bad after the conversation.	Sandra
Anthony dreams of flying.	Anthony
Anthony felt bad after the conversation.	Anthony
Betty dreams of flying.	Betty
Betty felt bad after the conversation.	Betty
Mark dreams of flying.	Mark
Mark felt bad after the conversation.	Mark
Ashley dreams of flying.	Ashley
Ashley felt bad after the conversation.	Ashley
Donald dreams of flying.	Donald
Donald felt bad after the conversation.	Donald
Emily dreams of flying.	Emily
Emily felt bad after the conversation.	Emily
Steven dreams of flying.	Steven
Steven felt bad after the conversation.	Steven
Kimberly dreams of flying.	Kimberly
Kimberly felt bad after the conversation.	Kimberly
Andrew dreams of flying.	Andrew
Andrew felt bad after the conversation.	Andrew
Margaret dreams of flying.	Margaret
Margaret felt bad after the conversation.	Margaret
Paul dreams of flying.	Paul
Paul felt bad after the conversation.	Paul
Donna dreams of flying.	Donna
Donna felt bad after the conversation.	Donna
Joshua dreams of flying.	Joshua
Joshua felt bad after the conversation.	Joshua
Michelle dreams of flying.	Michelle
Michelle felt bad after the conversation.	Michelle
Kenneth dreams of flying.	Kenneth
Kenneth felt bad after the conversation.	Kenneth
Carol dreams of flying.	Carol
Carol felt bad after the conversation.	Carol
Kevin dreams of flying.	Kevin
Kevin felt bad after the conversation.	Kevin
Amanda dreams of flying.	Amanda
Amanda felt bad after the conversation.	Amanda
Brian dreams of flying.	Brian
Brian felt bad after the conversation.	Brian
Melissa dreams of flying.	Melissa
Melissa felt bad after the conversation.	Melissa
Timothy dreams of flying.	Timothy
Timothy felt bad after the conversation.	Timothy
Deborah dreams of flying.	Deborah
Deborah felt bad after the conversation.	Deborah
Ronald dreams of flying.	Ronald
Ronald felt bad after the conversation.	Ronald
Stephanie dreams of flying.	Stephanie
Stephanie felt bad after the conversation.	Stephanie
George dreams of flying.	George
George felt bad after the conversation.	George
Rebecca dreams of flying.	Rebecca
Rebecca felt bad after the conversation.	Rebecca
Jason dreams of flying.	Jason
Jason felt bad after the conversation.	Jason
Sharon dreams of flying.	Sharon
Sharon felt bad after the conversation.	Sharon
Edward dreams of flying.	Edward
Edward felt bad after the conversation.	Edward
Laura dreams of flying.	Laura
Laura felt bad after the conversation.	Laura
Jeffrey dreams of flying.	Jeffrey
Jeffrey felt bad after the conversation.	Jeffrey
Cynthia dreams of flying.	Cynthia
Cynthia felt bad after the conversation.	Cynthia
Ryan dreams of flying.	Ryan
Ryan felt bad after the conversation.	Ryan
Dorothy dreams of flying.	Dorothy
Dorothy felt bad after the conversation.	Dorothy
Jacob dreams of flying.	Jacob
Jacob felt bad after the conversation.	Jacob
Amy dreams of flying.	Amy
Amy felt bad after the conversation.	Amy
Nicholas dreams of flying.	Nicholas
Nicholas felt bad after the conversation.	Nicholas
Kathleen dreams of flying.	Kathleen
Kathleen felt bad after the conversation.	Kathleen
Gary dreams of flying.	Gary
Gary felt bad after the conversation.	Gary
Angela dreams of flying.	Angela
Angela felt bad after the conversation.	Angela
Eric dreams of flying.	Eric
Eric felt bad after the conversation.	Eric
Shirley dreams of flying.	Shirley
Shirley felt bad after the conversation.	Shirley
Jonathan dreams of flying.	Jonathan
Jonathan felt bad after the conversation.	Jonathan
Emma dreams of flying.	Emma
Emma felt bad after the conversation.	Emma
Stephen dreams of flying.	Stephen
Stephen felt bad after the conversation.	Stephen
Brenda dreams of flying.	Brenda
Brenda felt bad after the conversation.	Brenda
Larry dreams of flying.	Larry
Larry felt bad after the conversation.	Larry
Pamela dreams of flying.	Pamela
Pamela felt bad after the conversation.	Pamela
Justin dreams of flying.	Justin
Justin felt bad after the conversation.	Justin
Nicole dreams of flying.	Nicole
Nicole felt bad after the conversation.	Nicole
Scott dreams of flying.	Scott
Scott felt bad after the conversation.	Scott
Anna dreams of flying.	Anna
Anna felt bad after the conversation.	Anna
Brandon dreams of flying.	Brandon
Brandon felt bad after the conversation.	Brandon
Samantha dreams of flying.	Samantha
Samantha felt bad after the conversation.	Samantha
Benjamin dreams of flying.	Benjamin
Benjamin felt bad after the conversation.	Benjamin
Katherine dreams of flying.	Katherine
Katherine felt bad after the conversation.	Katherine
Samuel dreams of flying.	Samuel
Samuel felt bad after the conversation.	Samuel
Christine dreams of flying.	Christine
Christine felt bad after the conversation.	Christine
Gregory dreams of flying.	Gregory
Gregory felt bad after the conversation.	Gregory
Debra dreams of flying.	Debra
Debra felt bad after the conversation.	Debra
Alexander dreams of flying.	Alexander
Alexander felt bad after the conversation.	Alexander
Rachel dreams of flying.	Rachel
Rachel felt bad after the conversation.	Rachel
Patrick dreams of flying.	Patrick
Patrick felt bad after the conversation.	Patrick
Carolyn dreams of flying.	Carolyn
Carolyn felt bad after the conversation.	Carolyn
Frank dreams of flying.	Frank
Frank felt bad after the conversation.	Frank
Janet dreams of flying.	Janet
Janet felt bad after the conversation.	Janet
Raymond dreams of flying.	Raymond
Raymond felt bad after the conversation.	Raymond
Maria dreams of flying.	Maria
Maria felt bad after the conversation.	Maria
Jack dreams of flying.	Jack
Jack felt bad after the conversation.	Jack
Olivia dreams of flying.	Olivia
Olivia felt bad after the conversation.	Olivia
Dennis dreams of flying.	Dennis
Dennis felt bad after the conversation.	Dennis
Heather dreams of flying.	Heather
Heather felt bad after the conversation.	Heather
Jerry dreams of flying.	Jerry
Jerry felt bad after the conversation.	Jerry
Helen dreams of flying.	Helen
Helen felt bad after the conversation.	Helen
Brenda misses George.	Brenda, George
George misses Brenda.	George, Brenda
Brenda cares for George.	Brenda, George
George cares for Brenda.	George, Brenda
Stephanie misses Katherine.	Stephanie, Katherine
Katherine misses Stephanie.	Katherine, Stephanie
Stephanie cares for Katherine.	Stephanie, Katherine
Katherine cares for Stephanie.	Katherine, Stephanie
Gary misses Timothy.	Gary, Timothy
Timothy misses Gary.	Timothy, Gary
Gary cares for Timothy.	Gary, Timothy
Timothy cares for Gary.	Timothy, Gary
Joseph misses Mary.	Joseph, Mary
Mary misses Joseph.	Mary, Joseph
Joseph cares for Mary.	Joseph, Mary
Mary cares for Joseph.	Mary, Joseph
Olivia misses Emma.	Olivia, Emma
Emma misses Olivia.	Emma, Olivia
Olivia cares for Emma.	Olivia, Emma
Emma cares for Olivia.	Emma, Olivia
Linda misses Ryan.	Linda, Ryan
Ryan misses Linda.	Ryan, Linda
Linda cares for Ryan.	Linda, Ryan
Ryan cares for Linda.	Ryan, Linda
Carol misses Jennifer.	Carol, Jennifer
Jennifer misses Carol.	Jennifer, Carol
Carol cares for Jennifer.	Carol, Jennifer
Jennifer cares for Carol.	Jennifer, Carol
David misses Dennis.	David, Dennis
Dennis misses David.	Dennis, David
David cares for Dennis.	David, Dennis
Dennis cares for David.	Dennis, David
Jack misses Helen.	Jack, Helen
Helen misses Jack.	Helen, Jack
Jack cares for Helen.	Jack, Helen
Helen cares for Jack.	Helen, Jack
Sarah misses Michael.	Sarah, Michael
Michael misses Sarah.	Michael, Sarah
Sarah cares for Michael.	Sarah, Michael
Michael cares for Sarah.	Michael, Sarah
Janet misses Sharon.	Janet, Sharon
Sharon misses Janet.	Sharon, Janet
Janet cares for Sharon.	Janet, Sharon
Sharon cares for Janet.	Sharon, Janet
Barbara misses Brian.	Barbara, Brian
Brian misses Barbara.	Brian, Barbara
Barbara cares for Brian.	Barbara, Brian
Brian cares for Barbara.	Brian, Barbara
Jason misses Andrew.	Jason, Andrew
Andrew misses Jason.	Andrew, Jason
Jason cares for Andrew.	Jason, Andrew
Andrew cares for Jason.	Andrew, Jason
Patrick misses Stephen.	Patrick, Stephen
Stephen misses Patrick.	Stephen, Patrick
Patrick cares for Stephen.	Patrick, Stephen
Stephen cares for Patrick.	Stephen, Patrick
Carolyn misses Frank.	Carolyn, Frank
Frank misses Carolyn.	Frank, Carolyn
Carolyn cares for Frank.	Carolyn, Frank
Frank cares for Carolyn.	Frank, Carolyn
Betty misses Kevin.	Betty, Kevin
Kevin misses Betty.	Kevin, Betty
Betty cares for Kevin.	Betty, Kevin
Kevin cares for Betty.	Kevin, Betty
Charles misses Jonathan.	Charles, Jonathan
Jonathan misses Charles.	Jonathan, Charles
Charles cares for Jonathan.	Charles, Jonathan
Jonathan cares for Charles.	Jonathan, Charles
Jacob misses Robert.	Jacob, Robert
Robert misses Jacob.	Robert, Jacob
Jacob cares for Robert.	Jacob, Robert
Robert cares for Jacob.	Robert, Jacob
Kenneth misses Brandon.	Kenneth, Brandon
Brandon misses Kenneth.	Brandon, Kenneth
Kenneth cares for Brandon.	Kenneth, Brandon
Brandon cares for Kenneth.	Brandon, Kenneth
Samantha misses Dorothy.	Samantha, Dorothy
Dorothy misses Samantha.	Dorothy, Samantha
Samantha cares for Dorothy.	Samantha, Dorothy
Dorothy cares for Samantha.	Dorothy, Samantha
Susan misses Rachel.	Susan, Rachel
Rachel misses Susan.	Rachel, Susan
Susan cares for Rachel.	Susan, Rachel
Rachel cares for Susan.	Rachel, Susan
Christopher misses Samuel.	Christopher, Samuel
Samuel misses Christopher.	Samuel, Christopher
Christopher cares for Samuel.	Christopher, Samuel
Samuel cares for Christopher.	Samuel, Christopher
Heather misses Karen.	Heather, Karen
Karen misses Heather.	Karen, Heather
Heather cares for Karen.	Heather, Karen
Karen cares for Heather.	Karen, Heather
Donna misses Patricia.	Donna, Patricia
Patricia misses Donna.	Patricia, Donna
Donna cares for Patricia.	Donna, Patricia
Patricia cares for Donna.	Patricia, Donna
Emily misses Laura.	Emily, Laura
Laura misses Emily.	Laura, Emily
Emily cares for Laura.	Emily, Laura
Laura cares for Emily.	Laura, Emily
Daniel misses Amanda.	Daniel, Amanda
Amanda misses Daniel.	Amanda, Daniel
Daniel cares for Amanda.	Daniel, Amanda
Amanda cares for Daniel.	Amanda, Daniel
Raymond misses Angela.	Raymond, Angela
Angela misses Raymond.	Angela, Raymond
Raymond cares for Angela.	Raymond, Angela
Angela cares for Raymond.	Angela, Raymond
William misses Matthew.	William, Matthew
Matthew misses William.	Matthew, William
William cares for Matthew.	William, Matthew
Matthew cares for William.	Matthew, William
Nancy misses Nicole.	Nancy, Nicole
Nicole misses Nancy.	Nicole, Nancy
Nancy cares for Nicole.	Nancy, Nicole
Nicole cares for Nancy.	Nicole, Nancy
James misses Eric.	James, Eric
Eric misses James.	Eric, James
James cares for Eric.	James, Eric
Eric cares for James.	Eric, James
Sandra misses Thomas.	Sandra, Thomas
Thomas misses Sandra.	Thomas, Sandra
Sandra cares for Thomas.	Sandra, Thomas
Thomas cares for Sandra.	Thomas, Sandra
Debra misses Michelle.	Debra, Michelle
Michelle misses Debra.	Michelle, Debra
Debra cares for Michelle.	Debra, Michelle
Michelle cares for Debra.	Michelle, Debra
Amy misses Elizabeth.	Amy, Elizabeth
Elizabeth misses Amy.	Elizabeth, Amy
Amy cares for Elizabeth.	Amy, Elizabeth
Elizabeth cares for Amy.	Elizabeth, Amy
Mark misses John.	Mark, John
John misses Mark.	John, Mark
Mark cares for John.	Mark, John
John cares for Mark.	John, Mark
Kimberly misses Richard.	Kimberly, Richard
Richard misses Kimberly.	Richard, Kimberly
Kimberly cares for Richard.	Kimberly, Richard
Richard cares for Kimberly.	Richard, Kimberly
Anthony misses Rebecca.	Anthony, Rebecca
Rebecca misses Anthony.	Rebecca, Anthony
Anthony cares for Rebecca.	Anthony, Rebecca
Rebecca cares for Anthony.	Rebecca, Anthony
Joshua misses Maria.	Joshua, Maria
Maria misses Joshua.	Maria, Joshua
Joshua cares for Maria.	Joshua, Maria
Maria cares for Joshua.	Maria, Joshua
Jessica misses Alexander.	Jessica, Alexander
Alexander misses Jessica.	Alexander, Jessica
Jessica cares for Alexander.	Jessica, Alexander
Alexander cares for Jessica.	Alexander, Jessica
Donald misses Jeffrey.	Donald, Jeffrey
Jeffrey misses Donald.	Jeffrey, Donald
Donald cares for Jeffrey.	Donald, Jeffrey
Jeffrey cares for Donald.	Jeffrey, Donald
Edward misses Lisa.	Edward, Lisa
Lisa misses Edward.	Lisa, Edward
Edward cares for Lisa.	Edward, Lisa
Lisa cares for Edward.	Lisa, Edward
Scott misses Ronald.	Scott, Ronald
Ronald misses Scott.	Ronald, Scott
Scott cares for Ronald.	Scott, Ronald
Ronald cares for Scott.	Ronald, Scott
Anna misses Jerry.	Anna, Jerry
Jerry misses Anna.	Jerry, Anna
Anna cares for Jerry.	Anna, Jerry
Jerry cares for Anna.	Jerry, Anna
Larry misses Kathleen.	Larry, Kathleen
Kathleen misses Larry.	Kathleen, Larry
Larry cares for Kathleen.	Larry, Kathleen
Kathleen cares for Larry.	Kathleen, Larry
Cynthia misses Ashley.	Cynthia, Ashley
Ashley misses Cynthia.	Ashley, Cynthia
Cynthia cares for Ashley.	Cynthia, Ashley
Ashley cares for Cynthia.	Ashley, Cynthia
Melissa misses Shirley.	Melissa, Shirley
Shirley misses Melissa.	Shirley, Melissa
Melissa cares for Shirley.	Melissa, Shirley
Shirley cares for Melissa.	Shirley, Melissa
Nicholas misses Margaret.	Nicholas, Margaret
Margaret misses Nicholas.	Margaret, Nicholas
Nicholas cares for Margaret.	Nicholas, Margaret
Margaret cares for Nicholas.	Margaret, Nicholas
Gregory misses Benjamin.	Gregory, Benjamin
Benjamin misses Gregory.	Benjamin, Gregory
Gregory cares for Benjamin.	Gregory, Benjamin
Benjamin cares for Gregory.	Benjamin, Gregory
Christine misses Paul.	Christine, Paul
Paul misses Christine.	Paul, Christine
Christine cares for Paul.	Christine, Paul
Paul cares for Christine.	Paul, Christine
Pamela misses Steven.	Pamela, Steven
Steven misses Pamela.	Steven, Pamela
Pamela cares for Steven.	Pamela, Steven
Steven cares for Pamela.	Steven, Pamela
Justin misses Deborah.	Justin, Deborah
Deborah misses Justin.	Deborah, Justin
Justin cares for Deborah.	Justin, Deborah
Deborah cares for Justin.	Deborah, Justin
