Addi dreams of flying.	Addi	l
Addi felt bad after the conversation.	Addi	l
Adda dreams of flying.	Adda	l
Adda felt bad after the conversation.	Adda	l
Aggi dreams of flying.	Aggi	l
Aggi felt bad after the conversation.	Aggi	l
Agga dreams of flying.	Agga	l
Agga felt bad after the conversation.	Agga	l
Alli dreams of flying.	Alli	l
Alli felt bad after the conversation.	Alli	l
Alla dreams of flying.	Alla	l
Alla felt bad after the conversation.	Alla	l
Ási dreams of flying.	Ási	l
Ási felt bad after the conversation.	Ási	l
Ása dreams of flying.	Ása	l
Ása felt bad after the conversation.	Ása	l
Beggi dreams of flying.	Beggi	l
Beggi felt bad after the conversation.	Beggi	l
Begga dreams of flying.	Begga	l
Begga felt bad after the conversation.	Begga	l
Berti dreams of flying.	Berti	l
Berti felt bad after the conversation.	Berti	l
Berta dreams of flying.	Berta	l
Berta felt bad after the conversation.	Berta	l
Binni dreams of flying.	Binni	l
Binni felt bad after the conversation.	Binni	l
Binna dreams of flying.	Binna	l
Binna felt bad after the conversation.	Binna	l
Bjarmi dreams of flying.	Bjarmi	l
Bjarmi felt bad after the conversation.	Bjarmi	l
Bjarma dreams of flying.	Bjarma	l
Bjarma felt bad after the conversation.	Bjarma	l
Boggi dreams of flying.	Boggi	l
Boggi felt bad after the conversation.	Boggi	l
Bogga dreams of flying.	Bogga	l
Bogga felt bad after the conversation.	Bogga	l
Diddi dreams of flying.	Diddi	l
Diddi felt bad after the conversation.	Diddi	l
Didda dreams of flying.	Didda	l
Didda felt bad after the conversation.	Didda	l
Donni dreams of flying.	Donni	l
Donni felt bad after the conversation.	Donni	l
Donna dreams of flying.	Donna	l
Donna felt bad after the conversation.	Donna	l
Dóri dreams of flying.	Dóri	l
Dóri felt bad after the conversation.	Dóri	l
Dóra dreams of flying.	Dóra	l
Dóra felt bad after the conversation.	Dóra	l
Dúi dreams of flying.	Dúi	l
Dúi felt bad after the conversation.	Dúi	l
Dúa dreams of flying.	Dúa	l
Dúa felt bad after the conversation.	Dúa	l
Ebbi dreams of flying.	Ebbi	l
Ebbi felt bad after the conversation.	Ebbi	l
Óla misses Tobba.	Óla, Tobbi	l
Tobba misses Óla.	Tobba, Óli	l
Óla cares for Tobba.	Óla, Tobba	l
Tobba cares for Óla.	Tobba, Óla	l
James dreams of flying.	James	s
James felt bad after the conversation.	James	s
Mary dreams of flying.	Mary	s
Mary felt bad after the conversation.	Mary	s
Michael dreams of flying.	Michael	s
Michael dreams of flying.	Michael	l
Michael felt bad after the conversation.	Michael	l
Patricia dreams of flying.	Patricia	l
Patricia felt bad after the conversation.	Patricia	l
Robert dreams of flying.	Robert	l
Robert felt bad after the conversation.	Robert	l
Jennifer dreams of flying.	Jennifer	l
Jennifer felt bad after the conversation.	Jennifer	l
John dreams of flying.	John	l
John felt bad after the conversation.	John	l
Linda dreams of flying.	Linda	l
Linda felt bad after the conversation.	Linda	l
David dreams of flying.	David	l
David felt bad after the conversation.	David	l
Elizabeth dreams of flying.	Elizabeth	l
Elizabeth felt bad after the conversation.	Elizabeth	l
William dreams of flying.	William	l
William felt bad after the conversation.	William	l
Barbara dreams of flying.	Barbara	l
Barbara felt bad after the conversation.	Barbara	l
Richard dreams of flying.	Richard	l
Richard felt bad after the conversation.	Richard	l
Susan dreams of flying.	Susan	l
Susan felt bad after the conversation.	Susan	l
Joseph dreams of flying.	Joseph	l
Joseph felt bad after the conversation.	Joseph	l
Jessica dreams of flying.	Jessica	l
Jessica felt bad after the conversation.	Jessica	l
Thomas dreams of flying.	Thomas	l
Thomas felt bad after the conversation.	Thomas	l
Karen dreams of flying.	Karen	l
Karen felt bad after the conversation.	Karen	l
Christopher dreams of flying.	Christopher	l
Christopher felt bad after the conversation.	Christopher	l
Sarah dreams of flying.	Sarah	l
Sarah felt bad after the conversation.	Sarah	l
Charles dreams of flying.	Charles	l
Charles felt bad after the conversation.	Charles	l
Lisa dreams of flying.	Lisa	l
Lisa felt bad after the conversation.	Lisa	l
Daniel dreams of flying.	Daniel	l
Daniel felt bad after the conversation.	Daniel	l
Nancy dreams of flying.	Nancy	l
Nancy felt bad after the conversation.	Nancy	l
Matthew dreams of flying.	Matthew	l
Matthew felt bad after the conversation.	Matthew	l
Sandra dreams of flying.	Sandra	l
Sandra felt bad after the conversation.	Sandra	l
Anthony dreams of flying.	Anthony	l
Anthony felt bad after the conversation.	Anthony	l
Betty dreams of flying.	Betty	l
Betty felt bad after the conversation.	Betty	l
Mark dreams of flying.	Mark	l
Mark felt bad after the conversation.	Mark	l
Ashley dreams of flying.	Ashley	l
Ashley felt bad after the conversation.	Ashley	l
Donald dreams of flying.	Donald	l
Donald felt bad after the conversation.	Donald	l
Emily dreams of flying.	Emily	l
Emily felt bad after the conversation.	Emily	l
Steven dreams of flying.	Steven	l
Steven felt bad after the conversation.	Steven	l
Kimberly dreams of flying.	Kimberly	l
Kimberly felt bad after the conversation.	Kimberly	l
Andrew dreams of flying.	Andrew	l
Andrew felt bad after the conversation.	Andrew	l
Margaret dreams of flying.	Margaret	l
Margaret felt bad after the conversation.	Margaret	l
Paul dreams of flying.	Paul	l
Paul felt bad after the conversation.	Paul	l
Donna dreams of flying.	Donna	l
Donna felt bad after the conversation.	Donna	l
Joshua dreams of flying.	Joshua	l
Joshua felt bad after the conversation.	Joshua	l
Michelle dreams of flying.	Michelle	l
Michelle felt bad after the conversation.	Michelle	l
Kenneth dreams of flying.	Kenneth	l
Kenneth felt bad after the conversation.	Kenneth	l
Carol dreams of flying.	Carol	l
Carol felt bad after the conversation.	Carol	l
Kevin dreams of flying.	Kevin	l
Kevin felt bad after the conversation.	Kevin	l
Amanda dreams of flying.	Amanda	l
Amanda felt bad after the conversation.	Amanda	l
Brian dreams of flying.	Brian	l
Brian felt bad after the conversation.	Brian	l
Melissa dreams of flying.	Melissa	l
Melissa felt bad after the conversation.	Melissa	l
Timothy dreams of flying.	Timothy	l
Timothy felt bad after the conversation.	Timothy	l
Deborah dreams of flying.	Deborah	l
Deborah felt bad after the conversation.	Deborah	l
Ronald dreams of flying.	Ronald	l
Ronald felt bad after the conversation.	Ronald	l
Stephanie dreams of flying.	Stephanie	l
Stephanie felt bad after the conversation.	Stephanie	l
George dreams of flying.	George	l
George felt bad after the conversation.	George	l
Rebecca dreams of flying.	Rebecca	l
Rebecca felt bad after the conversation.	Rebecca	l
Jason dreams of flying.	Jason	l
Jason felt bad after the conversation.	Jason	l
Sharon dreams of flying.	Sharon	l
Sharon felt bad after the conversation.	Sharon	l
Edward dreams of flying.	Edward	l
Edward felt bad after the conversation.	Edward	l
Laura dreams of flying.	Laura	l
Laura felt bad after the conversation.	Laura	l
Jeffrey dreams of flying.	Jeffrey	l
Jeffrey felt bad after the conversation.	Jeffrey	l
Cynthia dreams of flying.	Cynthia	l
Cynthia felt bad after the conversation.	Cynthia	l
Ryan dreams of flying.	Ryan	l
Ryan felt bad after the conversation.	Ryan	l
Dorothy dreams of flying.	Dorothy	l
Dorothy felt bad after the conversation.	Dorothy	l
Jacob dreams of flying.	Jacob	l
Jacob felt bad after the conversation.	Jacob	l
Amy dreams of flying.	Amy	l
Amy felt bad after the conversation.	Amy	l
Nicholas dreams of flying.	Nicholas	l
Nicholas felt bad after the conversation.	Nicholas	l
Kathleen dreams of flying.	Kathleen	l
Kathleen felt bad after the conversation.	Kathleen	l
Gary dreams of flying.	Gary	l
Gary felt bad after the conversation.	Gary	l
Angela dreams of flying.	Angela	l
Angela felt bad after the conversation.	Angela	l
Eric dreams of flying.	Eric	l
Eric felt bad after the conversation.	Eric	l
Shirley dreams of flying.	Shirley	l
Shirley felt bad after the conversation.	Shirley	l
Jonathan dreams of flying.	Jonathan	l
Jonathan felt bad after the conversation.	Jonathan	l
Emma dreams of flying.	Emma	l
Emma felt bad after the conversation.	Emma	l
Stephen dreams of flying.	Stephen	l
Stephen felt bad after the conversation.	Stephen	l
Brenda dreams of flying.	Brenda	l
Brenda felt bad after the conversation.	Brenda	l
Larry dreams of flying.	Larry	l
Larry felt bad after the conversation.	Larry	l
Pamela dreams of flying.	Pamela	l
Pamela felt bad after the conversation.	Pamela	l
Justin dreams of flying.	Justin	l
Justin felt bad after the conversation.	Justin	l
Nicole dreams of flying.	Nicole	l
Nicole felt bad after the conversation.	Nicole	l
Scott dreams of flying.	Scott	l
Scott felt bad after the conversation.	Scott	l
Anna dreams of flying.	Anna	l
Anna felt bad after the conversation.	Anna	l
Brandon dreams of flying.	Brandon	l
Brandon felt bad after the conversation.	Brandon	l
Samantha dreams of flying.	Samantha	l
Samantha felt bad after the conversation.	Samantha	l
Benjamin dreams of flying.	Benjamin	l
Benjamin felt bad after the conversation.	Benjamin	l
Katherine dreams of flying.	Katherine	l
Katherine felt bad after the conversation.	Katherine	l
Samuel dreams of flying.	Samuel	l
Samuel felt bad after the conversation.	Samuel	l
Christine dreams of flying.	Christine	l
Christine felt bad after the conversation.	Christine	l
Gregory dreams of flying.	Gregory	l
Gregory felt bad after the conversation.	Gregory	l
Debra dreams of flying.	Debra	l
Debra felt bad after the conversation.	Debra	l
Alexander dreams of flying.	Alexander	l
Alexander felt bad after the conversation.	Alexander	l
Rachel dreams of flying.	Rachel	l
Rachel felt bad after the conversation.	Rachel	l
Patrick dreams of flying.	Patrick	l
Patrick felt bad after the conversation.	Patrick	l
Carolyn dreams of flying.	Carolyn	l
Carolyn felt bad after the conversation.	Carolyn	l
Frank dreams of flying.	Frank	l
Frank felt bad after the conversation.	Frank	l
Janet dreams of flying.	Janet	l
Janet felt bad after the conversation.	Janet	l
Raymond dreams of flying.	Raymond	l
Raymond felt bad after the conversation.	Raymond	l
Maria dreams of flying.	Maria	l
Maria felt bad after the conversation.	Maria	l
Jack dreams of flying.	Jack	l
Jack felt bad after the conversation.	Jack	l
Olivia dreams of flying.	Olivia	l
Olivia felt bad after the conversation.	Olivia	l
Dennis dreams of flying.	Dennis	l
Dennis felt bad after the conversation.	Dennis	l
Heather dreams of flying.	Heather	l
Heather felt bad after the conversation.	Heather	l
Jerry dreams of flying.	Jerry	l
Jerry felt bad after the conversation.	Jerry	l
Helen dreams of flying.	Helen	l
Helen felt bad after the conversation.	Helen	l
Brenda misses George.	Brenda, George	l
George misses Brenda.	George, Brenda	l
Brenda cares for George.	Brenda, George	l
George cares for Brenda.	George, Brenda	l
Stephanie misses Katherine.	Stephanie, Katherine	l
Katherine misses Stephanie.	Katherine, Stephanie	l
Stephanie cares for Katherine.	Stephanie, Katherine	l
Katherine cares for Stephanie.	Katherine, Stephanie	l
Gary misses Timothy.	Gary, Timothy	l
Timothy misses Gary.	Timothy, Gary	l
Gary cares for Timothy.	Gary, Timothy	l
Timothy cares for Gary.	Timothy, Gary	l
Joseph misses Mary.	Joseph, Mary	l
Mary misses Joseph.	Mary, Joseph	l
Joseph cares for Mary.	Joseph, Mary	l
Mary cares for Joseph.	Mary, Joseph	l
Olivia misses Emma.	Olivia, Emma	l
Emma misses Olivia.	Emma, Olivia	l
Olivia cares for Emma.	Olivia, Emma	l
Emma cares for Olivia.	Emma, Olivia	l
Linda misses Ryan.	Linda, Ryan	l
Ryan misses Linda.	Ryan, Linda	l
Linda cares for Ryan.	Linda, Ryan	l
Ryan cares for Linda.	Ryan, Linda	l
Carol misses Jennifer.	Carol, Jennifer	l
Jennifer misses Carol.	Jennifer, Carol	l
Carol cares for Jennifer.	Carol, Jennifer	l
Jennifer cares for Carol.	Jennifer, Carol	l
David misses Dennis.	David, Dennis	l
Dennis misses David.	Dennis, David	l
David cares for Dennis.	David, Dennis	l
Dennis cares for David.	Dennis, David	l
Jack misses Helen.	Jack, Helen	l
Helen misses Jack.	Helen, Jack	l
Jack cares for Helen.	Jack, Helen	l
Helen cares for Jack.	Helen, Jack	l
Sarah misses Michael.	Sarah, Michael	l
Michael misses Sarah.	Michael, Sarah	l
Sarah cares for Michael.	Sarah, Michael	l
Michael cares for Sarah.	Michael, Sarah	l
Janet misses Sharon.	Janet, Sharon	l
Sharon misses Janet.	Sharon, Janet	l
Janet cares for Sharon.	Janet, Sharon	l
Sharon cares for Janet.	Sharon, Janet	l
Barbara misses Brian.	Barbara, Brian	l
Brian misses Barbara.	Brian, Barbara	l
Barbara cares for Brian.	Barbara, Brian	l
Brian cares for Barbara.	Brian, Barbara	l
Jason misses Andrew.	Jason, Andrew	l
Andrew misses Jason.	Andrew, Jason	l
Jason cares for Andrew.	Jason, Andrew	l
Andrew cares for Jason.	Andrew, Jason	l
Patrick misses Stephen.	Patrick, Stephen	l
Stephen misses Patrick.	Stephen, Patrick	l
Patrick cares for Stephen.	Patrick, Stephen	l
Stephen cares for Patrick.	Stephen, Patrick	l
Carolyn misses Frank.	Carolyn, Frank	l
Frank misses Carolyn.	Frank, Carolyn	l
Carolyn cares for Frank.	Carolyn, Frank	l
Frank cares for Carolyn.	Frank, Carolyn	l
Betty misses Kevin.	Betty, Kevin	l
Kevin misses Betty.	Kevin, Betty	l
Betty cares for Kevin.	Betty, Kevin	l
Kevin cares for Betty.	Kevin, Betty	l
Charles misses Jonathan.	Charles, Jonathan	l
Jonathan misses Charles.	Jonathan, Charles	l
Charles cares for Jonathan.	Charles, Jonathan	l
Jonathan cares for Charles.	Jonathan, Charles	l
Jacob misses Robert.	Jacob, Robert	l
Robert misses Jacob.	Robert, Jacob	l
Jacob cares for Robert.	Jacob, Robert	l
Robert cares for Jacob.	Robert, Jacob	l
Kenneth misses Brandon.	Kenneth, Brandon	l
Brandon misses Kenneth.	Brandon, Kenneth	l
Kenneth cares for Brandon.	Kenneth, Brandon	l
Brandon cares for Kenneth.	Brandon, Kenneth	l
Samantha misses Dorothy.	Samantha, Dorothy	l
Dorothy misses Samantha.	Dorothy, Samantha	l
Samantha cares for Dorothy.	Samantha, Dorothy	l
Dorothy cares for Samantha.	Dorothy, Samantha	l
Susan misses Rachel.	Susan, Rachel	l
Rachel misses Susan.	Rachel, Susan	l
Susan cares for Rachel.	Susan, Rachel	l
Rachel cares for Susan.	Rachel, Susan	l
Christopher misses Samuel.	Christopher, Samuel	l
Samuel misses Christopher.	Samuel, Christopher	l
Christopher cares for Samuel.	Christopher, Samuel	l
Samuel cares for Christopher.	Samuel, Christopher	l
Heather misses Karen.	Heather, Karen	l
Karen misses Heather.	Karen, Heather	l
Heather cares for Karen.	Heather, Karen	l
Karen cares for Heather.	Karen, Heather	l
Donna misses Patricia.	Donna, Patricia	l
Patricia misses Donna.	Patricia, Donna	l
Donna cares for Patricia.	Donna, Patricia	l
Patricia cares for Donna.	Patricia, Donna	l
Emily misses Laura.	Emily, Laura	l
Laura misses Emily.	Laura, Emily	l
Emily cares for Laura.	Emily, Laura	l
Laura cares for Emily.	Laura, Emily	l
Daniel misses Amanda.	Daniel, Amanda	l
Amanda misses Daniel.	Amanda, Daniel	l
Daniel cares for Amanda.	Daniel, Amanda	l
Amanda cares for Daniel.	Amanda, Daniel	l
Raymond misses Angela.	Raymond, Angela	l
Angela misses Raymond.	Angela, Raymond	l
Raymond cares for Angela.	Raymond, Angela	l
Angela cares for Raymond.	Angela, Raymond	l
William misses Matthew.	William, Matthew	l
Matthew misses William.	Matthew, William	l
William cares for Matthew.	William, Matthew	l
Matthew cares for William.	Matthew, William	l
Nancy misses Nicole.	Nancy, Nicole	l
Nicole misses Nancy.	Nicole, Nancy	l
Nancy cares for Nicole.	Nancy, Nicole	l
Nicole cares for Nancy.	Nicole, Nancy	l
James misses Eric.	James, Eric	l
Eric misses James.	Eric, James	l
James cares for Eric.	James, Eric	l
Eric cares for James.	Eric, James	l
Sandra misses Thomas.	Sandra, Thomas	l
Thomas misses Sandra.	Thomas, Sandra	l
Sandra cares for Thomas.	Sandra, Thomas	l
Thomas cares for Sandra.	Thomas, Sandra	l
Debra misses Michelle.	Debra, Michelle	l
Michelle misses Debra.	Michelle, Debra	l
Debra cares for Michelle.	Debra, Michelle	l
Michelle cares for Debra.	Michelle, Debra	l
Amy misses Elizabeth.	Amy, Elizabeth	l
Elizabeth misses Amy.	Elizabeth, Amy	l
Amy cares for Elizabeth.	Amy, Elizabeth	l
Elizabeth cares for Amy.	Elizabeth, Amy	l
Mark misses John.	Mark, John	l
John misses Mark.	John, Mark	l
Mark cares for John.	Mark, John	l
John cares for Mark.	John, Mark	l
Kimberly misses Richard.	Kimberly, Richard	l
Richard misses Kimberly.	Richard, Kimberly	l
Kimberly cares for Richard.	Kimberly, Richard	l
Richard cares for Kimberly.	Richard, Kimberly	l
Anthony misses Rebecca.	Anthony, Rebecca	l
Rebecca misses Anthony.	Rebecca, Anthony	l
Anthony cares for Rebecca.	Anthony, Rebecca	l
Rebecca cares for Anthony.	Rebecca, Anthony	l
Joshua misses Maria.	Joshua, Maria	l
Maria misses Joshua.	Maria, Joshua	l
Joshua cares for Maria.	Joshua, Maria	l
Maria cares for Joshua.	Maria, Joshua	l
Jessica misses Alexander.	Jessica, Alexander	l
Alexander misses Jessica.	Alexander, Jessica	l
Jessica cares for Alexander.	Jessica, Alexander	l
Alexander cares for Jessica.	Alexander, Jessica	l
Donald misses Jeffrey.	Donald, Jeffrey	l
Jeffrey misses Donald.	Jeffrey, Donald	l
Donald cares for Jeffrey.	Donald, Jeffrey	l
Jeffrey cares for Donald.	Jeffrey, Donald	l
Edward misses Lisa.	Edward, Lisa	l
Lisa misses Edward.	Lisa, Edward	l
Edward cares for Lisa.	Edward, Lisa	l
Lisa cares for Edward.	Lisa, Edward	l
Scott misses Ronald.	Scott, Ronald	l
Ronald misses Scott.	Ronald, Scott	l
Scott cares for Ronald.	Scott, Ronald	l
Ronald cares for Scott.	Ronald, Scott	l
Anna misses Jerry.	Anna, Jerry	l
Jerry misses Anna.	Jerry, Anna	l
Anna cares for Jerry.	Anna, Jerry	l
Jerry cares for Anna.	Jerry, Anna	l
Larry misses Kathleen.	Larry, Kathleen	l
Kathleen misses Larry.	Kathleen, Larry	l
Larry cares for Kathleen.	Larry, Kathleen	l
Kathleen cares for Larry.	Kathleen, Larry	l
Cynthia misses Ashley.	Cynthia, Ashley	l
Ashley misses Cynthia.	Ashley, Cynthia	l
Cynthia cares for Ashley.	Cynthia, Ashley	l
Ashley cares for Cynthia.	Ashley, Cynthia	l
Melissa misses Shirley.	Melissa, Shirley	l
Shirley misses Melissa.	Shirley, Melissa	l
Melissa cares for Shirley.	Melissa, Shirley	l
Shirley cares for Melissa.	Shirley, Melissa	l
Nicholas misses Margaret.	Nicholas, Margaret	l
Margaret misses Nicholas.	Margaret, Nicholas	l
Nicholas cares for Margaret.	Nicholas, Margaret	l
Margaret cares for Nicholas.	Margaret, Nicholas	l
Gregory misses Benjamin.	Gregory, Benjamin	l
Benjamin misses Gregory.	Benjamin, Gregory	l
Gregory cares for Benjamin.	Gregory, Benjamin	l
Benjamin cares for Gregory.	Benjamin, Gregory	l
Christine misses Paul.	Christine, Paul	l
Paul misses Christine.	Paul, Christine	l
Christine cares for Paul.	Christine, Paul	l
Paul cares for Christine.	Paul, Christine	l
Pamela misses Steven.	Pamela, Steven	l
Steven misses Pamela.	Steven, Pamela	l
Pamela cares for Steven.	Pamela, Steven	l
Steven cares for Pamela.	Steven, Pamela	l
Justin misses Deborah.	Justin, Deborah	l
Deborah misses Justin.	Deborah, Justin	l
Justin cares for Deborah.	Justin, Deborah	l
Deborah cares for Justin.	Deborah, Justin	l
